hey there guys decided to do part 2 out
of boredom and mild depression this game
should hopefully cheer me up a little
bit not getting killed by birds will
definitely cheer me up a little bit and
we will see our first secret room in
this video I have to get past these
idiots with their bombs and their
tree-hugging friends it's pretty simple
matter just waiting for them to throw
with all the bombs that they have but
anyways since I don't really have a
whole lot to say about this game in
general because it's actually pretty
good it was thinking I was looking
through the archives of what's been
alpide and I saw that the only attempt
at Willy Beamish was both the pc version
and abandoned yes the secret room is a
tree that is full of inexplicable money
giving scrolls for no obvious reason and
as much as I hate the adventures of
Willy Beamish I was pondering doing an
LP the Sega CD version for its
questionable voice acting even though
the Sega CD version is a little harder
and a few of the bullshit scenes that
come up later in the game like the
babysitter because that's just a whole
lot easier with a mouse as opposed to a
controlled hood but it's a game that
should be finished just so nobody else
has to deal with it because it's not
good at all and you people haven't had a
chance to see me really suffer in a
while because I kind of cheaped out on
mighty bomb jack a little bit I admit so
let me know if you think that'd be a
good idea or not because I'm more than
willing to do it it's been a really long
time since I beat that one but I think I
can handle it anyways here we are at
spike he's not overly difficult as he
kills me
and you know what screw it i'm gonna
leave the death in there i'm not doing a
perfect run plus my death at the easiest
but that was probably the easiest boss
in the game will add some amusement and
links to the video anyway ok mook army
cut it out now this game is relentless
with its enemy spawns i was going to do
a no death run but fuck that it's not an
LP if it's perfect after all unless
you're really trying to do that i can
deal with one death to any way is the
proper way to deal with this guy is too
not do this to jump over them and smack
him in the back remember to pick up your
sword but yeah he's a wuss so victory
and death count of one there will
probably not be any more because I won't
do things that will do stupid things
like I did at the beginning their horned
which is actually one of the harder
bosses in the game and that's where
tomorrow later